#  Privacy Policy

## App Privacy Policy
*Our Privacy Policy was last updated on June 5th, 2022.*

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We do not use Your Personal data whatsoever.

## Interpretation and Definitions
### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Application** means the software program provided by the Organization downloaded by You on any electronic device, named InfiniLink
- **Organization** refers to us, the developers of InfiniLink
- **"Country"** refers to the United States.
- **"Device"** means any device that can access the Application such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- **"Personal Data"** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **"Service Provider"** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Organization. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Organization to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Organization, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Organization in analyzing how the Service is used.
- **"Usage Data"** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- **"You"** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the Organization, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.


## Information Collected while Using the Application
We do not collect any data from this application.

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
- By visiting this page on our website: https://github.com/InfiniTimeOrg/InfiniLink
- By sending us an email: xanm@emry.me

